you do this often in having people of
this data together you're my first one
actually how am i doing
shoot me I drop this we all die
what exactly does State Department's
supply chain not just dish do they work
behind death they rave reports that
sounds one
dr. Ryan I need you to come with me what
we have to go what have you got
individual behind these transaction this
could be a high-level target his name
Sulaimon how come you're the only one
who knows about this mystery man I was
just following my sir
they have cells in France Yemen Syria
and those are just the ones we know
about there's something different about
his agenda I'd like to set up a task
force whatever he's planning he's ready
now I can't go to Yemen I'm an analyst I
don't interrogate people I write reports
get on the plane
[Music]
we got to figure out a way to get inside
his head who's the bin slave man is my
husband she don't know where I am my son
is with him is he planning something
here
Paris was only the beginning just follow
along watch I'm gonna learn we have to
chase this down
my son get him back promise me I promise
you I'm the best chance you have
I'm just a man I'll do what I can don't
put the blame on me
[Music]
you